-: Welcome back.
In this lecture, we are going to understand
about AWS application load balancers.
So,
how we are going to create
AWS application load balancers
from Kubernetes?
So there starts the concept called
Ingress controller.
So using Ingress manifest,
whatever we write in Kubernetes,
using that, we can create
application load balancers on AWS.
So we are going to learn
a basic, very basic fundamental, Ingress manifest,
which we are going to create
as part of this entire section,
Ingress controller basics.
So we are going to create that.
So as a foundation thing,
as a first step,
what we are going to do, let's see, right?
So, in zero to ALB Ingress basics, right?
As a step one,
we are going to discuss about
the application architecture
which we are going to deploy as part of this, right?
So we need some real time application here,
so when we deploy it
we get a complete understanding
on what we are doing.
So let's go ahead and then, do that now.
So let's go back to our PowerPoint
and we'll see the network design
about what we are going to implement
as part of this section, right?
So in AWS cloud, right?
So whenever we create the EKS cluster,
which is nothing but the control plane,
it automatically creates the VPC
and also creates the public,
and then private subnets,
and also it creates the NAD gateway.
So all these things gets created automatically
whenever we create the EKS cluster.
So after that,
what we do is like,
we create our worker node group, right?
So we create a private node group
in the private subnets;
it creates two worker nodes,
worker node one
and then worker node two, in Kubernetes.
So, these worker nodes will communicate
with the cluster control plane
using the NAD gateways present
in the public subnet.
So the next step here,
is for our application
whatever we are going to deploy,
which is nothing but the user management microservice
application, right?
So it needs a my scale database.
So we are going to use RDS database here,
as our underlying DB for our application.
And so, to connect to this RDS DB
from our Kubernetes cluster,
so we use the ExternalName service
to connect to those.
In addition to that,
we will deploy our UMS,
which is our User Management Microservice application
as a deployment in worker modes.
So we deployed only one replica,
it might be any one of the worker nodes,
it will get deployed, right?
So the next thing is,
to expose this application.
So we are going to create a NodePort service,
so which means like,
so to expose this UMS application
to the public subnets,
where the application load balancer
is going to access it,
we create a NodePort service, right?
And this NodePort service also,
what we are going to do is,
we are not going to provide
any specific NodePort there.
So any dynamic node NodePort,
it can pick from the worker node,
we'll leave that way, right?
So we created a NodePort service here,
and then we'll move onto
the Ingress concept now, right?
So, let's move on.
So now, in the public subnet,
our Ingress comes into the picture.
So which is nothing but
the application load balancer.
So we'll write the Ingress manifest
and then deploy that,
so that it creates the application load balancer.
And when we are writing the Ingress manifest,
we will tell that whenever a request comes
with '/tar',
it should go to this deployment,
which is nothing but this respect to UMS pod, right?
So now, users, right,
whenever the users access 'ALB DNS URL/userMGMT/users',
which is nothing but the list users API
in our user management application, okay?
And whenever they access it
with 'ALB DNS URL with HTTP'
the default pod is HTTP, right?
So it comes here,
and then it verifies '/tar'
where it should go,
it should go to this respective EMS pod.
So how it is going,
it'll go where NodePort service,
which means in this application load balancer,
whatever it created,
that target group, right?
The targets inside target group
are going to be both worker nodes,
with the whatever the NodePort it has provided
as part of user management NodePort service.
So now the request comes here,
and then it needs to communicate with the database.
So it'll come and then connect
to the my scale ExternalName service.
And then from there, it'll go to the RDS database
and then take the list of users,
and then display to the
users on the browser, right?
So that's about the entire architecture
we are going to implement now.
So, I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.